The Matrix #offtopic chat deided to write a great sounding sitcom and this is what transpired. I'd like to point out in advance that
this is not suitable for if you are young, offendable, a future employer of mine, or a person who uses tumbler non-ironically.

**Half-Shot:** This is some next level drama

**Camoyoshi:** "Off Topic Matrix is filmed in front of a live studio audience!"

**Half-Shot:** camoyoshi, really?

**camoyoshi:** Yes

**camoyoshi:** We're a sitcom now

**davidar:** a good sitcom, or a crappy one?

**camoyoshi:** davidar: that's for you to make happen

**camoyoshi:** We gotta get those ratings up!

**camoyoshi:** Do something stupid and/or funny, maybe involving a romantic relationship with someone else here, davidar!

**davidar:** >illness camoyoshi

**ivarbot:** camoyoshi, afflicted by hiccups

**camoyoshi:** Hic!

**Half-Shot:** THE WORST

**davidar:** damn, crappy sitcom :(

**davidar:** >illness Half-Shot

**ivarbot:** Half-Shot , afflicted by ejaculation

**davidar:** hooray, exciting sitcom!



**Half-Shot:** No.

**Half-Shot:** I'm not going to roleplay that

**camoyoshi:** This isn't a *hic* sitcom

**camoyoshi:** This is now... a porn film

**camoyoshi:** *hic*

**Half-Shot:** This sitcom has just gone up in other ratings though

**davidar:** hehehe

**camoyoshi:** Well... they don't call him Half-Shot for nothing

**Half-Shot:** oooooooh

**davidar:** camoyoshi: crappy porn film, or good porn film?

**Half-Shot:** >sinsult camoyoshi

**ivarbot:** camoyoshi : Thou puny rude-growing harpy!

**Half-Shot:** The best porn film

**camoyoshi:** I dunno, even when porn is bad it's pretty good

**Half-Shot:** Unfortunately for youy

**Half-Shot:** It's beastiality.

**camoyoshi:** Lol

**Half-Shot:** (I'm safe thoguh)

**camoyoshi:** *hic*

**camoyoshi:** No you're not *hic*

**camoyoshi:** You're a dog, you're gonna be the star of this show *hic*

**camoyoshi:** ivarbot is a *hic* pervert

**Half-Shot:** I'd just like to point out your all perverts for making me star in your sitcom

**camoyoshi:** *hic* Hey you needed the money

**Half-Shot:** I pay my way in cuteness

**camoyoshi:** That's my job *hic*

**Half-Shot:** (and fox gifs)

**camoyoshi:** *hic*

**camoyoshi:** Someone get me a glass of water or something

**camoyoshi:** *hic*

**davidar:** * davidar throws glass of water at camoyoshi

**camoyoshi:** Now I have hiccups and I'm *hic* wet

**camoyoshi:** Thank*hic*ks

**davidar:** camoyoshi: because of Half-Shot's "illness"?

**camoyoshi:** * camoyoshi would rather have half-shot's old disease than hiccups

**davidar:** >illness camoyoshi

**ivarbot:** camoyoshi , afflicted by man boobs

**davidar:** there we go

**camoyoshi:** Uhhh

**camoyoshi:** Please don't look

...

**camoyoshi:** Tldr half-shot was in a porn film and I have boobs now

